c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll.config
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.pdb
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.pdb
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\kunpc\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll.config
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.pdb
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.CopyComplete
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.dll
E:\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.pdb
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll.config
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\HRWebApp.pdb
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.csproj.CopyComplete
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\obj\Debug\HRWebApp.pdb
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Text.Json.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Memory.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.ValueTuple.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Text.Encodings.Web.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Buffers.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.pdb
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.Bson.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Buffers.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Memory.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Numerics.Vectors.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Runtime.CompilerServices.Unsafe.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Threading.Tasks.Extensions.xml
D:\SystemIntegration\HR\HRWebApp\HRWebApp\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
